# Laravel Structure
## Archives
- artisan
  - It's used to run the commands by `php artisan <command>`
  - Create and adjusts various actions within the project
- CHANGELOG.md
  - It's irrelevant, show the changes to the laravel framework
- composer.json
  - Laravel dependencies
- composer.lock
  - Laravel dependencies versions
- docker-compose.yml
- Dockerfile
- package.json
  - To create the frontend coupled to the backend
  - But is better to connect to the backend as a API
- phpunit.xml
  - Test Suite for PHPUnit or Pest (More simple, it is similar to Jest on JavaScript)
- vite.config.js
  - Came to substitute for webpack.config.js
  - Auxiliate to work with static files
- .editorconfig
  - It is a configuration file for editors
- .env 
  - Contains sensitive information as passwords, API keys, etc.
  - If the variable is set on container or SO, it will be passed to the application. If not, laravel will search for it in the .env file.
- .env.example
  - Defines all environment variables used by the application.
  - Don't add sensitive information in this file and push it to your remote repository.
- .gitattributes
  - It is a configuration file for Git
- .gitignore
- .styleci.yml
  - It is a configuration file for Continuous Integration

## Folders
- app
  - Http
    - Controllers call the other layers
  - Models
    - Eloquent is the ORM default for PHP
    - Define the tables, relationships, etc.
  - Providers
    - Used to extend the functionality of Laravel, like class binding, dependency injection, etc.
- bootstrap
  - public/index.php calls the app.php and providers.php
- config
  - Configuration files. Ex: database, mail, session, etc.
- database
  - Contains all database migrations, seeders, factories, etc.
- docker
- public
  - Document root of the application
  - It is important to security 
  - Contains index.php to start the application
- resources
  - It has all views, CSS, JS, images, etc.
- routes
  - It has all web and API routes
  - You can automatize tasks by commands on "console.php"
- storage
  - Most used on local development
  - Images, files, logs, etc.
  - On a production server, it is not used. Because the production server is meant to be stateless.
- tests
  - Contains all tests
  - Integration tests and unit tests
- vendor
  - Contains all dependencies